Added methods for SpanID and TraceID on bridgeSpanContext (#3966)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  This adds an implementation requirement to set the interface default behavior for unimplemented methods. (#3916)
- Move No-Op implementation from `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric` into its own package `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric/noop`. (#3941)
  - `metric.NewNoopMeterProvider` is replaced with `noop.NewMeterProvider`

> - Promoted all the methods from `otel.SpanContext` to `bridgeSpanContext` by embedding `otel.SpanContext` in `bridgeSpanContext`. (#3966)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add all the methods from `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace".SpanContext` to `bridgeSpanContext` by embedding `otel.SpanContext` in `bridgeSpanContext`. (#3966)
```
